# JuliaCoin

## The Concept

JuliaCoin is a Julia-based distributed version control system embedded within a blockchain application that can be used by julia developers to be rewarded for the packages they develop in Julia. JuliaCoin is a blockchain, cryptocurrency and wallet implementation that will allow Julia developers to be rewarded with a cryptocurrency named a JuliaCoin for the work they did on the Julia packages ecosystem. 

The concept is to use the blockchain application to register codes and to reward the developers, once the code is completed and has been submitted on the blockchain, with a cryptocurrency. The amount of cryptocurrencies earned by the developers will depend on the value generated by their code over time. This value is based on several metrics: The number of downloads for their package, the number of others packages having this package as a dependency, the level of maintenance on the package, etc... These metrics allow the developers to continue earning cryptocurrencies once their package is fully developed depending on the level of usage of their package. This incentivize both production and maintenance in open source.

The value of that cryptocurrency should be intrinsically dependent on the capacity of production of the Open Source community supporting the language. The system works as follow :

    • Developer creates a project and start developing codes
    • Once the project is completed, the developer submits the code on the blockchain in a transaction
    • An algorithm verify the code to ensure that a similar code has not been submitted before on the blockchain and that the code is running properly
    • A block is mined with multiple transactions
    • 20% of the block reward is given to miners and 75% to  the developers who submitted a transaction with codes, some of which are earned by developers who submitted new code while the remaining is earned for usage of code developed in previous blocks
    • Transactions to exchange cryptocurrencies can also be submitted on the blockchain but are not being rewarded  


The transaction process is similar to others blockchains such as Bitcoin or Litecoin; anybody can download a Wallet, create addresses, participate to the mining process and submit cryptocurrencies transactions. However, in the JuliaCoin ecosystem, multiple types of transactions can be submitted : « Usual » transactions to exchange the cryptocurrency or « Special » transactions  to submit codes.  Users submitting code-based transactions are then being rewarded for participating in the Open Source community which is associated with that cryptocurrency. 

The incentives created by such application should have two economics outcomes: 

• A more efficient effort for codes development. Since the investors will be attracted to buy that cryptocurrency only if they feel that the community is being productive enough, the value of the cryptocurrency will move according to the level of productivity. Bullish movement of that cryptocurrency will increase the monetary reward for developers, creating therefore an incentive to dedicate more time to the development of the ecosystem and to chose efficient time allocation.
• Avoiding duplication and improving the maintenance work. Since the algorithm verify if the code submitted already exists on the blockchain, a developer duplicating codes won't be rewarded for his efforts. Therefore, this will result in an incentive to allocate the time to the production of new code or maintenance of existing one without replicating. Furthmore, since the payment of cryptocurrencies do not stop once the code has been initially submited, but instead continue based on maintenance effort, the developers will have an economics incentive to maintain their packages even after deployment.

For developing the code the user has more than one option:

#### Without the GUI interface & the debugger
    • User creates a local project within his app Projects folder by using create_project function or creating it manually.
    • User create a LocalProject object with that name 
    • If using a Wallet the user can append the LocalProject object to the projects list of the Wallet    
    • User load the codes stored in the project folder within the LocalProject object self.codes attribute with load_project_codes(self)
    • User creates a transaction with the code from the LocalProject object with project name and gets rewarded 

When opening the app, the folders within the Projects folder of the app are automatically loaded within the Wallet. Therefore, the user does not need to reload or create local projects within his session unless he does not start the application.

#### With the GUI Interface & the debugger
    • User creates a project within the GUI application with option "Create New Project" from the codes manager feature
    • All the steps from the "Without the GUI interface" are completed automatically except the transaction: A new folder is being created within the app Projects folder, a LocalProject object is created and appended to the Wallet projects list 
    


### Next Steps

Once completed, The Juliablockchain.com will provide:
- [x] a full version of the blockchain
- [x] an interface to post a transaction
- [x] an interface to develop new code in Julia and to post it on the blockchain
- [x] an interface to create a complete wallet
- [x] a list of nodes connected to the network
- [ ] a version of the desktop application available for download
- [ ] News and statistics on the blockchain and the cryptocurrency
- [ ] A marketplace to exchange the cryptocurrency

Explanation and examples can be found in the following section.

## Explanation

### Running a full node and posting multiple transactions

(...)


### Running a mining node

(...)

### Creating a user and an address

(...)

### Developing code and posting it within a transaction

